Rural Amethyst Tapir

high

# TOFT can be forcefully unwrapped resulting in long-term DoS

## Summary
[`TOFTGenericModule::receiveWithParamsReceiver`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-tapioca/blob/dc2464f420927409a67763de6ec60fe5c028ab0e/TapiocaZ/contracts/tOFT/modules/TOFTGenericReceiverModule.sol#L47) function can be abused to wipe out anyone's allowance of the TOFT token.
At the same time, it unwraps the TOFT. As a result, the allowance mechanism is broken and there is no point in wrapping your tokens in an OFT as a griever can immediately unwrap them.

## Vulnerability Detail
[`TOFTGenericModule::receiveWithParamsReceiver`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-tapioca/blob/dc2464f420927409a67763de6ec60fe5c028ab0e/TapiocaZ/contracts/tOFT/modules/TOFTGenericReceiverModule.sol#L47) function can be used to wipe out the allowance of the TOFT token by anyone and unwrap TOFT tokens. 

Let's imagine the following scenario:
- Alice has given Bob an allowance of 100 TOFT tokens.
- This has created an entry in the TOFT `_allowances` mapping, i.e. `_allowances[Alice][Bob] = 100`;
- `TOFTGenericModule::receiveWithParamsReceiver` is callable by anyone through the [`TOFT::executeModule`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-tapioca/blob/dc2464f420927409a67763de6ec60fe5c028ab0e/TapiocaZ/contracts/tOFT/TOFT.sol#L146) function.
- A griever calls it with the following parameters:

```solidity
## TOFTGenericReceiverModule.sol

TOFTGenericReceiverModule.receiveWithParamsReceiver(
    srcChainSender = Bob,
    data = abi.encode(SendParamsMsg(
        receiver = Alice,
        unwrap =  true,
        amount = 100
    ))
)
```

- This enters the `_internalTransferWithAllowance` function where `_owner = Alice`, `srcChainSender = Bob`, and `amount = 100`.
- `_spendAllowance` is called, and it decrements the allowance of Bob by 100, i.e. `_allowances[Alice][Bob] = 0`.
- `_transfer` transfers the OFTs to the `address(this)`.
- `tOFT.unwrap(address(this), msg_.amount);` is called, and the OFTs are unwrapped to the `address(this)`.
- The erc20 `safeTransfer` function is called, and the `erc20` is transferred to `Alice`.

A griever has forcefully wiped out the allowance of Bob and unwrapped Alice's OFT.

This makes a critical vulnerability as it means there is no point in wrapping your tokens in an OFT as a griever can immediately unwrap them. Also, the allowance mechanism is broken as it can be wiped out by anyone.

Any system that accepts OFTs as collateral or otherwise won't work as no one can wrap their tokens in an OFT as they can be unwrapped immediately by anyone.

As giving allowances to external systems to use your TOFT tokens is a typical flow the likelihood of this occurring all the time is high. 

## Impact

The impact of this vulnerability is critical. It allows anyone to wipe out the allowance of any user and unwrap their OFT tokens. This makes the allowance mechanism broken and as the TOFT token is a wrapper token, it makes it useless as a griever can immediately unwrap them.

## Code Snippet

- https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-tapioca/blob/dc2464f420927409a67763de6ec60fe5c028ab0e/TapiocaZ/contracts/tOFT/modules/TOFTGenericReceiverModule.sol#L47-#L67

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
The whole `receiveWithParamsReceiver` function should be reviewed and refactored. It is not clear what the expected behavior is.

There should be a different flow if used as part of the cross-chain flow as opposed to being callable on the same chain.

If used on the same chain, the `msg.sender` should only be able to transfer the OFT tokens if the owner has given him sufficient allowance. Check the typical `transferFrom` implementation:

```solidity
    function transferFrom(address from, address to, uint256 amount) public virtual override returns (bool) {
        address spender = msg.sender;
        _spendAllowance(from, spender, amount);
        _transfer(from, to, amount);
        return true;
    }
```

If used in the cross-chain context, you can rely on the `srcChainSender` as the owner of the TOFT tokens, and he can unwrap them to an arbitrary receiver address. 
