Skinny Wool Mallard

high

# Using OR operator instead of AND operator in rebalance() will make call always fail if owner() ≠ rebalancer

## Summary

Wrong usage of OR operator instead of AND operator when checking the caller in `reabalance()` will make the call always fail.

## Vulnerability Detail

The `rebalance()` function in `Balancer.sol` should only be triggered by `Balancer`'s owner or by the `rebalancer` address.

From Tapioca’s [contest documentation regarding off-chain mechanisms](https://audits.sherlock.xyz/contests/170), the `rebalancer` address will be a Gelato bot.

The problem is that the `rebalance()` function uses an OR operator to check the `msg.sender`, instead of an AND operator. This will make the `rebalance()` function always fail if `owner()` and `rebalancer` are different addresses.

```solidity
// Balancer.sol

function rebalance(
        address payable _srcOft,
        uint16 _dstChainId,
        uint256 _slippage,
        uint256 _amount,
        bytes memory _ercData
    ) external payable onlyValidDestination(_srcOft, _dstChainId) onlyValidSlippage(_slippage) {
        if (msg.sender != owner() || msg.sender != rebalancer) revert NotAuthorized();  
        ...
        
		}
```

> Although `rebalancer` and the contract’s owner are set to the same address on initialization, it is unlikely that the contract’s owner and the rebalancer itself will be the same address in production,(it wouldn’t make sense to check for both addresses if they are expected to be the same). Also, most functions in `Balancer.sol` are onlyOwner protected, and these type of functions such as `initConnectedOFT()` or `emergencySaveTokens()` won’t be automated and handled by the Gelato bot.
>

## Impact

High. The function will be uncallable and will always revert with NotAuthorized(). 

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-tapioca/blob/main/TapiocaZ/contracts/Balancer.sol#L176

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Apply the following change in `rebalance()`:

```diff
// Balancer.sol

function rebalance(
        address payable _srcOft,
        uint16 _dstChainId,
        uint256 _slippage,
        uint256 _amount,
        bytes memory _ercData
    ) external payable onlyValidDestination(_srcOft, _dstChainId) onlyValidSlippage(_slippage) {
-        if (msg.sender != owner() || msg.sender != rebalancer) revert NotAuthorized();  
+       if (msg.sender != owner() && msg.sender != rebalancer) revert NotAuthorized();  
	 ...
 }
```
