Skinny Wool Mallard

high

# Remote transfers can be used to drain contract accounts due to wrongly assuming that the owner of the contract account address in the source chain also controls that address in the destination chain

## Summary

Wrong assumption about ownership of accounts between different EVM chains can lead to draining smart contract wallets.

## Vulnerability Detail

Tapioca’s remote transfers allow compose calls to burn tokens in a source chain and mint them in a destination chain. When these type of compose call is triggered, the `_remoteTransferReceiver()` will be called, and the amount to be burnt will be transferred via the `_internalTransferWithAllowance()` function:

```solidity
// TapiocaOmnichainReceiver.sol

function _remoteTransferReceiver(address _srcChainSender, bytes memory _data) internal virtual {
        RemoteTransferMsg memory remoteTransferMsg_ = TapiocaOmnichainEngineCodec.decodeRemoteTransferMsg(_data);

        
        /// @dev xChain owner needs to have approved dst srcChain `sendPacket()` msg.sender in a previous composedMsg. Or be the same address.
        _internalTransferWithAllowance(
            remoteTransferMsg_.owner, _srcChainSender, remoteTransferMsg_.lzSendParam.sendParam.amountLD
        );   
          
        ...
    }
    
  function _internalTransferWithAllowance(address _owner, address srcChainSender, uint256 _amount) internal {
        

        if (_owner != srcChainSender) {  
            _spendAllowance(_owner, srcChainSender, _amount);
        }
    
        _transfer(_owner, address(this), _amount);
    } 
```

As the code snippet shows, tokens will be transferred in `_internalTransferWithAllowance()` from `remoteTransferMsg_.owner` to the USDO contract so that they can be burnt later. The problem with this transfer is that USDO wrongly assumes that if `_owner == srcChainSender`, then no allowance check must be performed because it wrongly believes that the controller of that address in chain A is the same as the controller of that address in the destination chain.

This assumption is correct for EOA addresses across EVM chains as they rely in private keys, but might not be true for smart contract accounts.

Let’s consider a scenario where a victim has control of a smart contract account with address 0xaaaa… in chain B, and such address holds bUSDO tokens. 

Such address is not necessarily controlled by the victim in chain A, so an attacker can create a contract account and gain control of address 0xaaaa…  in chain A, and trigger a remote transfer compose call to steal all funds from 0xaaaa… in chain B.

Because `_internalTransferWithAllowance()` assumes such addresses are controlled by the same person, the allowance check will not be performed if the mentioned attacker’s remote transfer compose call takes place. This will make bUSDO tokens be effectively burnt from the victim’s 0xaaaa… smart contract account in chain B, and aUSDO minted to the attacker’s 0xaaaa… smart contract account in chain A.

> Note: It is recommended to check [this article from Rekt](https://rekt.news/wintermute-rekt/) where a similar attack is described. It is also recommended to have a strong understanding about [deterministic addresses](https://coinsbench.com/a-comprehensive-guide-to-the-create2-opcode-in-solidity-7c6d40e3f1af). The bug is simillar to the one found in [C4's Maia contest](https://github.com/code-423n4/2023-09-maia-findings/issues/877)
>

## Impact

High. Smart contract accounts interacting with Tapioca might be drained if the situation detailed in the report arises.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-02-tapioca/blob/main/Tapioca-bar/gitmodule/tapioca-periph/contracts/tapiocaOmnichainEngine/TapiocaOmnichainReceiver.sol#L287-L289

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

It is recommended to verify if accounts performing the compose messages are smart contract accounts, and add some logic that allows to verify if the actual account initiating the transaction is the same in the source chain and in the destination chain. One example would be to perform the approval checks even if the account is the same, so that it can be ensured that the account is actually trying to execute the remote transfer.